Rearrange changelog for 0.28 (#5724)
pyodide/pyodide: docs/project/changelog.md

### Packages

- {{ Enhancement }} The packages included in the Pyodide distribution is now built

>   in a separate repository, `pyodide-recipes`. This decouples the Packages sets

Reviewer: Maybe let's put a link:
```suggestion
  in a separate repository, [`pyodide/pyodide-recipes`](http://github.com/pyodide/pyodide-recipes/). This decouples the set of packages
```
